Add context around deletion (#252)
seamapi/api-docs: docs/api-clients/devices/delete-device.md

## Delete a Device

{% hint style="warning" %}
Deleting a device will trigger a `device.deleted` event and remove the device and all data associated with the device from Seam: events, access codes, etc. For every deleted resource, a corresponding deleted event will be sent, but the resource will not be deleted from the provider.
For example, deleting a device with an access code will send both a `device.deleted` event and an `access_code.deleted` event,

> but Seam has not and will not remove the access code from the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deleting a device triggers a `device.deleted` event and removes the device and all data associated with the device from Seam, including events, access codes, and so on. For every deleted resource, Seam sends a corresponding deleted event, but the resource is not deleted from the provider.
For example, if you delete a device with an access code, Seam sends both a `device.deleted` event and an `access_code.deleted` event,
but Seam does not remove the access code from the device.
```
